1.How did you formulate this game as a search problem? Explain your view of the problem in terms ofstates, actions, goal tests, and path costs, as relevant.

A: In the game of RoPaSci 360, the player needs to aim for the oponent pieces with win chances, for example, if your piece is "Paper" the aim/goal 
for that piece sould be "Rock". The same strategy applies to all three pieces. Finding the goal(inferior oponent piece) is where the search algorithm plays a rule. 
By applying our search algorithm, we will determine the path cost and the shortest possible path to reach the goal and then start moving all of our pieces towards it 
every single turn. Defining the name of opponent pieces (R,P,S) and if there are block(s) in the path are crucially important for the algorithm to understand and 
reading the board map. From our perspective, the best game player algorithm is the one who win the opponent in majority of cases with high efficiency and high speed. To achieve this state, we need to develope an efficient algorithm similar to unform cost search for our game. This will help us play the game more rapidly as well as increasing efficienty. This game is game of chance to some extend as you can't predict the player piece in real life examples. However, when the goal and inital states are known to the algorithm, this will be an inform search with increased chance of win for the player(ai agent).



2.What search algorithm does your program use to solve this problem, and why did you choose thisalgorithm? Comment on the algorithm’s eﬀiciency,
completeness, and optimality. If you have developedheuristics to inform your search, explain them and comment on their admissibility.

A: We have used unifrom cost search (A*) algorithm to solve the search problem. UCS algorithm is the most efficient algorithm for this problem according to our 
search as it is only calculate the cost between current node and the goal while Dijkstra's algorithm calculate the shortest path between the current node and every 
other node in the path. 




3.How do the features of the starting configuration (the position and number of tokens) impact yourprogram’s time and space requirements? For example, 
discuss their connection with the branchingfactor and search tree depth and how these affect the time and space complexity of your algorithm.

A: 
